Added notes about CAF applications and the addition of the MPL app. (#625)
THEOplayer/documentation: theoplayer/getting-started/01-sdks/06-chromecast/01-chromecast-app-customization.md

### Default Receiver application

> If you are connected to THEOplayer's default Receiver application, you cannot modify its appearance. It is an application with THEOplayer functionality that uses Shaka for media playback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are connected to OptiView Player's default Receiver application, you cannot modify its appearance. It is an application with OptiView Player functionality that uses Shaka for media playback.
```

Author: Thanks, @FabienLavocat !
